This help document explains the intentions for the commands and their usage. Although due to some other commitments, this project could not be completed upto the mark, Yet I have tried to give an effort.
The details of the options in "sn [options]" as follows - 

create - Lets you create a new network by asking the name for it. Initializes a git repo in the folder of chosen name and creates a database file for the network. Basic idea is to edit this database file for the exchange of messages.

join - Clones a repo from a IP address and a path entered in the prompt.

pull - Pulls the new changes in the git repo from the master server by running git pull.

log - Shows the git log of the selected network.

show - Shows the git show output for the selected network 

push - Pushes the changes made by you in the database file to the master server.

follow - Stores the list of the people you are interested in for the priority.

members - lists all the members in the network.

unfollow - Removes the person from the list of follow.

list - Tells you how many networks you are part of.
	        
--help - Opens this help document.

--sn-path - Shows path to the stored files of the network

leave - Deletes the network directory 

archive - Stores the post separetly from the SHA1's 7 letters.
	      
Although I have tried to incorporate more features, the testing of many features in the real local network could not happen. There is a chance that few commands do not perform properly.

The networks created or joined are stored under the "SN" directory of the home folder of the user. I tried to create another password-disabled user namely "gituser" for this purpose but since most of the files and projects lie in the user's home, it was not a successful attempt. Also due to this pulling from the local network incorporated SSH logins.

All the commands are stored and run from "bin" directory in home folder.

Installsn file contains some changes in the settings which I had to make during this setup.